link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/adampitchie/pen/poNEvGp?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  HTML that gives meaning or context to our code
2. What is HTML used for? 
  It's used for the structure of our websites
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
  Attributes gives more information about elements. We put attributes in their respective elements.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
  It is used for the most important heading. Use it once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
  a href, img src
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
  metadata
7. What is an id? 
  specifies a unique id for an element.
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
  any element
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
  once
10. What is a class? 
  a unique id for an element
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
  any element
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
  more than once
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
  <a href="" target="_blank">
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
  alternative text
15. How do I reference an id?
  #id_name {}
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
  section creates its own section, and a div is an empty container.
17. What is CSS used for? 
  it's used to style a website
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
  h2 {}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
  id is a unique value and class can be used more than once. use id when targeting a nav id.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
  .class {}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
  p.human {}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
  used to select elements that are a descendent of a parent element
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
  .sidebar a {}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
  used to define a state of an element
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
  line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
  letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
  text-transform: uppercase; lowercase; capitalize respectively
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
  border: dotted;
  border-color: black;
  border-width: 1px;
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
  * {}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
  /* */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
  pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
  ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
  rm -rf filename. You could accidentally delete all files in a folder or subdirectories.
34. Why should I use version control? 
  To easily keep track of changes to a project.
35. How often should I commit to github?
  Whenever completed changes are made, or every 20 minutes.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
  git push
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
  fork repo
  clone repo to local machine
  cd into folder
  git checkout -b firstname-lastname
  make changes to project
  git add .
  git commit -m 'message'
  git push -u origin firstname-lastname
  create a pull request of new branch from the main branch on github

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 